I've been doing this show for many many
years and believe it or not there was a
time before the president was a lunatic
that the cable news channels had to
cover other stuff there they had
wall-to-wall coverage of weird stories
celebrity trials high-speed chase of
children trapped in wells and ten years
ago yesterday the balloon boy hoax
happened you remember this this is it
was a guy a father in Fort Collins
Colorado made a bogus 911 call claiming
his six-year-old son climbed into a
homemade weather balloon and flew away
[Music]
turned out the fact that the kid was
only six was the only true part of the
call but at first everyone was panicked
that his kid was in that balloon which
made no sense because there was no way a
balloon like that could lift the 60
pound kid but it was all over the news
live police went looking for the boy
they closed down flights at the airport
and Denver the kid in his name is Falcon
was not in the balloon he was in the
Attic it turned out his father told him
to hide in the Attic so then he could
play dumb about the balloon stunt get a
ton of coverage and hopefully a reality
show out of it but unfortunately for
Richard Heaney what his family did an
interview with Larry King young Falcon
accidentally spilled the beans
Falcon did you hear us calling your name
at any time you did David why didn't you
come out
yeah I said look at this for the show no
yes two days later Richard Heaney held
the press conference to try to convince
the world that it wasn't a hoax and he
really believed his son was in the
balloon and that went like this would
you just say once and for all
was this some sort of publicity stunt
was this a hoax and will you talk to the
boys today absolutely no hoax
I want your questions in the box I'll
get right back to you okay in the olden
times when reporters had questions they
put them in a box and the person put a
so that was ten years ago
Richard Heaney did some jail time and
now ten years later here to speak to us
on this special occasion the balloon boy
himself
Falcon Heaney and let's go to my rock
I'm great thanks for asking Falcon hold
on how old are you now
sixteen Jimmy
you don't mind me asking you why do you
look so funky fresh juice our teens
dress these days fan oh okay
where are you by the way I'm stuck in a
balloon Jimmy I'm flying 10,000 feet
over Denver right now I thought your
parents made the whole balloon thing up
for attention they did but this time
it's real I swear look here comes the
clown look like cotton glue to a piece
of cardboard is what it would look like
oh I'm sorry are you a sky scientist no
I am NOT then shut your mouth and get me
down from here oh no it's a bird go
scare scared
this it's that oh it was that a
boom mic that don't we see it's an light
come on Gary pay attention is this
another hoax because it really seems
like you're faking this again I'm
insulted you would even ask that my life
is in danger here get the hell out of
here you're in danger this balloon can
hold us both out getting you're
obviously quite obviously not in a
balloon so I'm gonna go ahead and cut
this a little bit short
I want your questions in a bar well no
I'm not gonna I'll get right back you
okay yeah
[Applause]
please thanks for watching if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings